The last part of anything.
A building for people to live in.
Friendly.
To rest.
Meat from the sides of a pig that has been salted and smoked.
A radio device or system for locating an object.
A round ball that has a map of the earth drawn on it.
A large blackish brown ox with long wavy hair that is used for its milk and meat and to carry heavy loads.
Any favorite activity or interest.
Things placed to serve as a guide or to indicate position.
A shaped or molded lump of bread.
Bright, glittering or polished.
A type of popular dance music with strong steady rhythms and usually electronically produced sounds.
A slow-moving brownish or grayish mammal with very long front legs and long curved claws, that hangs from branches and eats leaves and fruit.
A tree with gray back, sectioned leaves, hard wood and sap used to make syrup.
Cautious and on the lookout for danger.
To secure something against opening by using a device for holding it closed.
What you can see from a place.
A small jumping animal similar to a frog but that spends more time on land and has rough, dry warty skin.
A group of individuals living under one roof.
To write using a keyboard.
A sweet, creamy dessert that is soft, spongy or thick.
Period of time lasting 60 minutes.
A large area of land covered with lots of trees, shrubs and bushes.
Insects that are similar to but less colorful than butterflies and that usually fly in the late evening or at night.
To think up or imagine.
To move with a rushing or rustling sound.
A thing that can be seen or touched.
A mix of usually sand, water and other materials that is used to coat inside walls and ceilings.
Classes taught on a single subject.
Plants that have woody stems and don't grow very tall.
Dark brown, aquatic, fish-eating mammals with long tails, short legs, webbed feet and small ears.
A young tree.
Knotted or twisted together.
A journey to go in search of (something).
Marked by a clever twist often with a hint of humor or sarcasm.
Someone that has something that belongs to them.
A small, swollen and red spot on the skin.
To travel around something (such as a planet) in a curved path.
An anniversary of the day someone was born.
Related to or owned by the family of a king or queen.
A creatures except human beings.
Quick: immediately.
A thin, sharp piece of something (like wood) that has broken off from a bigger piece.
Not true, correct or right.
An imaginary animal that has the body of a horse, the back legs of a stag, the tail of a lion and a single horn in the middle of its head.
A small, mischievous gnome that is imagined to cause errors or problems with equipment.
At any time.
Trash of any kind.
An island county in the southwestern Pacific.
Crowded very close together.
A deep, sudden, unintentional sound that usually indicates pain, grief, or sometimes disapproval or annoyance.
An apparatus often electrically operated for producing a piercing warning sound of musical tones.
The directions from which someone or something is viewed, considered or approached.
To look out for oneself: manage.
Assorted useless, valueless waste or rejected matter: trash.
Having musical sound: melodious.
Characterized by taste and judgement or by art and skill.
Being soft, yielding and damp.
Not having ease in using the hands, skill, nimbleness or grace, such as in the use of the body or limbs or in the performance of an action.
Coarsely ground dried food products or grain.
Signals (such as words or bits of stage business) to a performance to begin a specific speech or action.
Said or told something intended to give others a high opinion of yourself: bragged.
An address (such as a petition or confession) to God or a god in word or thought.
Seemingly not able to become weary or have your strength decrease or fail.
A building or collection of buildings with facilities (such as machines) for making goods often from new materials.
Received something (such as a book) from a library to use outside the library for a period of time.
Thin strips of wood pared off by a tool for smoothing or shaping wood.
Dogs of an old European breed of active, intelligent dogs that have a curly, dense, solid-colored coat and are grouped into standard, miniature and toy sizes.
The tendency or state of being drawn to the mass of something in the sky (such as the earth, the moon or a planet) for bodies at or near its surface.
Differing from the typical.
Shoes usually of canvas with flexible rubber soles worn especially for sports or hiking.
To make small, sharp, sudden noises repeatedly.
To encourage or motivate.
Folds in cloth made by doubling material over on itself and that is stitched, attached or held along one side.
Frigid, cold.
The process of being given usually essential information typically in little time and without unnecessary details.
To gain possession or disposal of usually by some planned action or method.
To represent by drawing, painting or cutting something into the surface of a material.
To exert pressure especially on opposite sides or parts of: press together closely or tightly.
Making a low, heavy rolling sound.
A long, narrow, movable platform or bridge used to get on or off a ship (as from a wharf).
Scraped or rubbed lightly with something pointed or rough in order to relieve itching.
Twisted out of a natural, normal or original shape or condition.
A stiff, thick kind of paper that sometimes has a coating and that can be used to make signs or for printed material.
Questions or talks with especially in order to gain information or learn personal qualities.
Justly chargeable with or responsible for a fault or crime.
Of, taking place on or relating to the moon.
A sweetened mixture of milk and eggs that is baked, boiled or frozen.
A shrill, usually wild or unintentional cry ( as of sudden or extreme terror or pain or of violent laughter).
A supernatural appearance: apparition.
A specific task with which a person or group is charged.
Alluring enticing.
Having, exhibiting, or marked by magnificent or commanding power, effect, or appearance: regal.
An answer or gestures made to give warning or command.
Sounds or gesture made to give warning or command.
To get rid of.
The entire celestial cosmos.
Migratory grasshoppers that often travel in vast swarms and strip the areas they travel through of all vegetation.
Advice in choosing courses, preparing for a line of work or further education, or coping with personal problems given to students by a teacher or a professional counselor.

